Fix KubeJS documentation for parallel hatch in 1.7.0 (#3597)
GregTechCEu/GregTech-Modern: docs/content/Modpacks/Examples/Parallel-Hatch-Part.md

        switch (tier) {
          case GTValues.UHV:
            name = "Epic";
            break;
          case GTValues.UIV:
            name = "Legendary";
            break;
          case GTValues.UEV:
            name = "Spectral";
            break;
          case GTValues.UXV:
            name = "Universal";
            break;
        }

        const $RecipeLogic = Java.loadClass(
            "com.gregtechceu.gtceu.api.machine.trait.RecipeLogic"
        );
        builder
            .langValue(name + " Parallel Control Hatch")
            .rotationState(RotationState.ALL)
            .abilities(PartAbility.PARALLEL_HATCH) // (5)
            .modelProperty($RecipeLogic.STATUS_PROPERTY, $RecipeLogic.Status.IDLE)
            .model(
                GTMachineModels.createWorkableTieredHullMachineModel(
                    GTCEu.id("block/machines/parallel_hatch_mk4") // (6)
                )[
                    "andThen(com.gregtechceu.gtceu.api.registry.registrate.MachineBuilder$ModelInitializer)"
                    ]((ctx, prov, model) => {
                  model.addReplaceableTextures("bottom", "top", "side");
                })
            )
      }); // (7)
});
```

> 1. Loading the java class that is required to build the parallel hatch multipart
> 2. Using the GT registry event to register a tiered custom machine
> 3. The tiers used for the parallel hatches to register
>     GT will generate items of "gtceu:uhv_parallel_hatch" etc
> 4. Server side machine construction method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Loading the parallel hatch's java class is required
2. Using the GT registry event to register a tiered custom machine
3. The tiers to register the machine for
    Here, GT will generate items and blocks named `gtceu:uhv_parallel_hatch`, `gtceu:uev_parallel_hatch`, `gtceu:uiv_parallel_hatch`, and `gtceu:uxv_parallel_hatch`
4. Use the loaded class for creating the machines in the world
```
